Update PETSc docs (#2504)
boutproject/BOUT-dev: manual/sphinx/user_docs/advanced_install.rst

      --with-mpi=yes \
      --with-precision=double \
      --with-scalar-type=real \
      --with-shared-libraries=1 \
      --with-debugging=0 \
      --prefix=$HOME/local/petsc-version-options

> You may also wish to change ``--with-debugging=yes`` at the end to
> ``./configure`` in order to allow debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also wish to change to ``--with-debugging=yes`` in the
arguments to ``./configure``, in order to allow debugging.
```

          to ``./configure``.

> To make PETSc type what is shown after the configuer step, something like::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make PETSc type what is shown in the terminal output after the configure
step, something like::
```

    $ make PETSC_DIR=$HOME/petsc-3.13.4 PETSC_ARCH=arch-linux2-cxx-debug all

Should BLAS, LAPACK, or any other packages be missing, you will get an
error, and a suggestion that you can append

> ``--download-name-of-package`` to the ``./configure`` line. You may
> want to test that everything is configured properly. To do this
> replace ``all`` with ``test`` in the make command. It should be
> something like::

Reviewer: Maybe better to put 'test' in a new paragraph?
```suggestion
``--download-name-of-package`` to the ``./configure`` line.

You may want to test that everything is configured properly. To do this replace
``all`` with ``test`` in the make command. It should be something like::
```

    $ make PETSC_DIR=$HOME/petsc-3.13.4 PETSC_ARCH=arch-linux2-cxx-debug test

To install PETSc, replace ``test``/``all`` with ``install`` and run
something like::

    $ make PETSC_DIR=$HOME/petsc-3.13.4 PETSC_ARCH=arch-linux2-cxx-debug install

To configure BOUT++ with PETSc, add to the cmake configure command::

    -DBOUT_USE_PETSC=ON -DPETSC_ROOT=$HOME/local/petsc-version-options

For example like this::

    $ cmake -DBOUT_USE_PETSC=ON -DPETSC_ROOT=$HOME/local/petsc-version-options

BOUT++ can also work with PETSc if it has not been installed. In this

> case ensure that ``PETSC_DIR`` and ``PETSC_ARCH`` is set, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
case ensure that ``PETSC_DIR`` and ``PETSC_ARCH`` are set, for example
```
